impeccable as always we receive ariel s
80 per dollar design decoration in
function of various crazy things and the
restoration of restored furniture
recycled
let's see some things that can be
do with materials that are not there
normally do not use to
to make furniture yes but that always
there is somewhere in the house that comes to us
well to condition it in a way
different if these are going to see some
pictures of furniture armed with
wooden crates type of fruit in this
you have to look for the quality of the product
that we are going to use to make the
furniture if you use a lot this is better
voucher voucher
what are the elements that are used
for the base where other houses go what
is what only engages the cost
explanations
that hooks things but there are so many
furniture possibilities that we can
do with the pallets
Notice that there are chairs so and more for
outside that treatment must be given
there are several qualities also like everything
it's like all the main work that
has all this is first of all the
list because actually all the wood
that is used without all the wood that is
used to do this kind of
Elements are worked in the rough then
come with a termination let's say that
It is not related with
for manual use very well there are people
that specializes in this by gomes and
hold on a father makes your furniture and I
I will not go out a bit let's say I think
that is not that difficult either, there are things that
they are quite simple to be able to achieve
if there are people who use them and that
they make furniture and a carpenter offers them
an architect and well I want
take advantage of resigning something if in reality
to see, I think this has to do more
with more with a personal intention of
one of wanting to arm something a
shelving
fruit fruit drawers good
quality that stacked can work for you
well as a library there are very nice
water paintings to be able to do that
for example there you have a backup of
cam has done with two positives
There is like
and a use of mobile old furniture
that are reused for other things like
that table for example for a monitor and
if today furniture is used well spent
also there you have a pair of roses
roll of cable cable if well painted
neat with a glass lid
a very modern architecture
look at everything in its just measure
let's say if you're going to have a modern house
and you're going to have all the furniture made
of pallets will not look good but if
that's a detail he's going to give you
give a touch of wave if you notice that
there are many external images this is
Can easily use to assemble
some some armchair outside a table
outside some times in a
terrace this is very well offer the
interperie you put some cushions
made on nautical hill and you can
let live outside that you will not have
no problem later if they give you more
hand you can make a bar of
double kitchen if all this has to do
also with dexterity and skill
that everyone has if you have a warehouse
out this would have very well but this
to put some wine to invite
your friends choice with the glasses
a small shelf over the kitchen
there are a lot of variables in this what
important is to give it a good
termination let's say this has a
good finish for this I tell you to the
machine you choose not necessarily a
sander paint and already leave it in good
conditions so that you do not
has in manual use exactly one
cute painting a color and it is a detail
that later will give your house with some
element that will normally feel me
like to recycle to seek to generate
ideas a little the idea of this is to show
things that one imagines and that suddenly
he does not see and he realizes that I liked it
I'm going to try and I have more
project at home today I'm doing
photos so you see the evolution very well
we go